# Project ready to develop with React 19 (Typescript or Javascript)

This project can be created with **`npx create-react19-app@latest --ssr my-app`**.

This is a project ready to develop with **React 19**. Specifically with Server Components and Server Functions.

This project is ready to develop either in **Typescript** or **Javascript**. If an `app.tsx` is found, then it will take preference over a possible `app.jsx` or `app.js`. There must be at least an `app.tsx` or `app.jsx` (or `app.js`).

The app is developed in the `src` folder.

The `setup` folder has the `server.js`, `client.jsx`, and `render-html.js` files.

The `server.js` file is the starting point of the app. It is executed by `node`. It defines two endpoints, `/` and `/react`. The important one is the first one, `/`. The second, `/react`, it's just in case the RSC payload was not present in the html file served to the Client. The purpose of the `/` endpoint is to serve the `index.html` file found at the `/public` folder, generated by Webpack. Before sending this file to the Client, it does four things. For one side it gets the RSC payload of the app developed in the `src` folder and injects it into the html file. For the other side, it renders the app into html in a separate process and injects this html too into the html file.

To start the app in development mode you must run `npm run dev`. This will execute Webpack in watch mode and will start the app with the `node` command. It uses the package `concurrently` to execute both in parallel. The server is faster to be ready than Webpack, so when executing the command wait for Webpack log to show and then you can navigate to the page (`localhost:3000`).

There is no hot reloading, so when you do changes to the code, you have to reload yourself the page to see those changes.

The project has the package [react-enhanced-suspense](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-enhanced-suspense) installed. It is an enhanced `Suspense` that works as React's `Suspense` if no extra props are used.

This project is inspired by [this other project](https://github.com/adamjberg/react-server-components).
